Now to learn about middleware let's use it in a practical use case let's implement authentication with
this help we already got a firebase project in the back end and firebase offers all indication capabilities.
So user creation path for validation.
These are all features built into firebase.
All you need to do is go to the often taxation area here and set up a sign in method hearable choose
email password which basically stores users in our firebase account with that enabled.
We can start implementing often dictation in our application.
Now we already got a router it that the offer out there we have it email and password field and we have
a button that allows us to submit the form.
Right now we're not submitting the form and we can change this and we do store the information whether
we are in log in or sign up mode so we can also take this into account to take appropriate action.
So let's now implement sign up for firebase and we could use the firebase SDK for that.
But I want to show you a reusable approach.
So we will use the rest API for firebase self indication.
You can simply google for firebase all the rest API and you find you firebase off rest.
API docs now in these thoughts you find all kinds of operations you can do with the rest API including
sign up with email and password which is just what we need right now.
So this is you are all we need to send our request to.
So let's do that.
Let's copy that.
You are L and let's go back to our index.
W fall in the off section here.
I want to handle the form submission when we click that button.
So I will add a listener to the overall form element.
Submit listener and I will use the preven modifier to prevent the default which would be to immediately
send HTP request to the server.
This page is coming from.
Which is not what I want to do.
So instead you're all handler.
Execute my own set method and this method therefore of course needs to be added.
So I'll add the methods key on submit like this.
And in this method I now want to send D.H. to the request.
I can use this dollar sign ex-U.S. for it is using this ex-U.S. module we added in the last core section
and there we want to send a dollar sign post request.
We need to send a post request to this endpoint.
As you can see here in the documentation.
So we need to send a post request to diss you l.
Now there it is.
AP Ickey part which we need to replace with our API key.
You can get it from your firebase project console simply by clicking on the web set up in the off indication
area.
Now you don't need to copy all of that.
But here is your API key.
So grab it and once you've got it replace this API key thing here including the square brackets with
your actual API key.
You could also remove it from there and go to the next conflict to add an environment variable here.
So here you could enter FP API key and store your string here.
With that you could access this environment variable in your code.
So in the off indexed you fall here we could simply append process and FBA API Ickey and now we have
only one place in our app where we need to change it if it ever changes.
So with this we're sending a post request.
But of course we need to attach some data to this post request.
So we need to pass a second argument if we have a look at the documentation of that rest.
API endpoint we see that we need to send email password and does return secure token field which should
always be true.
So let's send such object in our project you're all send a javascript object with the email field with
the password field.
And with that return secure token field which should be set to true.
Now the e-mail is something we can of course get from our input here.
Therefore I need to set up to a binding with we model and I will bind to e-mail and I'll do the same
for password.
The model equals password.
Now these are two properties I don't have yet but I do have a data property so in there I will simply
add an email which has an empty string initially and a password property that holds an empty string.
And now we get these two properties in our component from which we can pull the values we want to send.
So this email is what I'll send an email.
This password is what I want to send as a password.
Well that we get an onset method.
Now let's also add a then look to see any new result we get and see if it worked.
So here I will simply console lock result.
And let's also catch any errors we might get here an error.
I also want to console Lochend dead.
If we get it so let's save this and go back to our project here.
We'll navigate to the admin area.
And for now I manually need to go to the off page.
We will change this with middleware soon and we will automatically redirect the user to this page.
If he's not offended I hate it let's for now ignore if we switch to sign up or not because we haven't
hooked this up and let's simply enter the e-mail address here and some password and let's hit log in.
And does this looking good.
We're getting back a response that doesn't look like an error which has this strange token because remember
since we're still building a single page application that just is pre-rendered on the server.
Since we're still building this we typically use this JWT token approach.
So does Jason Webb token authentication approach where we get back such a token that we should store
and where we then send this token with future off indication requests.
And if this whole procedure is unclear.
Check out my complete view.
Course I do dive into this in detail there.
So this is essentially a token we should store it.
Now we will do so in a second.
For now let's first go back to our firebase project here and refreshed that users page and that's looking
good.
So indeed we successfully created a user.
Our next two DUIs are to ensure that we only submit this request if we are in sign up mode.
Right now we're ignoring this and to store a token we get back.
Let's work on that in the next lecture.